example(zigpoll):Add zigpoll connector example (#268)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/source_examples/zigpoll/README.md

# Zigpoll Connector Example

## Connector overview

> This connector retrieves survey response data from [Zigpoll](https://apidocs.zigpoll.com/reference) API and syncs it to Fivetran destinations. The connector fetches responses from all accounts accessible via the provided API token, handling pagination and incremental syncing to efficiently process large datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector retrieves survey response data from [Zigpoll](https://apidocs.zigpoll.com/reference) API and syncs it using Fivetran Connector SDK. The connector fetches data from all accounts accessible via the provided API token. It also handles pagination and incremental syncing to efficiently process large datasets.
```

## Data handling
Survey response data is processed and transformed through a modular approach:
- Primary data structure preserved with `_id` as the primary key
- Metadata dictionaries are flattened into separate columns with `metadata_` prefix
- Data types are inferred by Fivetran except for the primary key which is defined as STRING
- Each response is upserted individually to handle updates to existing records
- Client-side timestamp filtering ensures only new data since the last sync is processed
- State management with checkpointing enables incremental syncing and resumability

## Error handling
The connector implements comprehensive error handling through multiple layers:
- Configuration validation ensures required parameters are present
- API requests include retry logic with exponential backoff for transient errors
- Specific exception catching for HTTP request failures, authentication errors, and rate limiting
- Detailed error logging with context information for debugging
- Graceful handling of pagination edge cases including infinite loop prevention
- Runtime error wrapping for sync failures to provide clear error messages

## Tables created

> **RESPONSE** - Contains all survey response data from Zigpoll accounts

Author: As per this request req id 01k4xm5hhy8xsnc2m222emfk66 customer has requested for RESPONSE table
